Support all compilers, caching only unpinned standard ones (#106)
tarides/ocaml-platform-installer: CHANGES.md

## unreleased

> - `ocaml-platform` will now work with `ocaml-variants`, pinned and other
>   compilers. It won't used the cache for pinned or custom compilers. (#106)

Author: The changelog entry has to be updated.

```suggestion
- `ocaml-platform` will now work with all common compiler packages, skipping the
  cache for pinned one. it will fail with a friendly error message for very
  uncommon one. (#106)
```

Reviewer: More accurate :)
